The last section are going to be building is going to be Contact Us section and it's really going to
have find us here and this is going to be fun.
Awesome again.
And this is going to be the phone and this is going to be the forum and it's or here you can see that
we can have a bunch of inputs right.
And this is going to be your message.
So let's go ahead and let's go to the next page.
I'm all right again all the way in the bottom.
All right we're going to say this is going to be contact section.
And once we have it over here we're going to say section and this is going to be class of contact.
All right.
Stand up.
And then we'll have a div of contact center.
So I'm going to say contact center here.
Once we press the tab then we have two articles over here.
Right.
So within the contact center then we're going to have article of contact info contact info here.
And let's say that this is going to be hard to go article on here.
And then another one and we're going to create is going to be article and that's going to be contact
form.
All right.
So we can just copy paste this in or he'll get to right contact form.
And just remember these because these are going to be again the children of this flex container.
All right now within the contact info.
All right so let's maybe put them separately in for here then we're going to know that.
I'm sorry.
That's right on your form.
And this is going to be the information right now what we would want that information we would want
give with the contact detail.
So when you say contact I'm going to say detail.
All right press tab now we have the day.
And we're here we're going to have live with the class of contact icon.
So this is going to be contact.
I can not I can't say I can know.
Here let's have a I f a and s f a heart.
All right.
Press time.
Here now we have our love for my God.
Now outside a day of let's play say having three.
We're going to.
Find us here.
Then we're going to have a few paragraphs to say here.
This is going to be paragraph would say four or five six in some street name.
All right.
Again select the line.
Copy and paste the line.
Let's say two more times.
He'll going to read that this is going to be state and country overrides state country and then we'll
have a zip code.
And so here we're going.
I know this is going to be zip code zip code over here.
Now once we have this more here now what we want to create a second one right.
So what we can do here we can just get content detail where it ends like this.
Copy and paste this.
And here we're going to write different.
Right.
So icon is going to be phoned for one more here and then we're going to say call us here.
So I'm going to do this.
Call us here then we'll get the name of the person on the right.
Just one name of the person the name of the person that this is going to be the phone number which is
going to be bunch of trees.
So we're going to have plus 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3.
All right.
Monday to Friday Monday to Friday.
On this I don't want to say 8 0 0 to say 22.
All right so 22 0 0.
Once we have this now let's start working with an actual form.
Right.
So again let's find out if this one was a info.
All right so this one was article and then this is going to be the forum.
And what are we going to write in a forum or here we're going to say first that this is going to be
a contact us.
So having three contact here and let's write it.
Contact us right.
They're going to create a form element will have no action or here we can leave this one blank and in
the form we're going to write a input we're going to here and put them on tape is going to be text.
Well here the first thing we're going to say that this is going to be ID and this is going to be equal
to a name.
So I'm going to say this is going to be name then the placeholder is going to be first names are going
to say first and we're going to say name here and then next thing they want to do is do the same thing
with the last name.
And so if this was the first name now we're going to write it this is going to be the last time.
So I asked for her name I.D. type is going to be still text are you going to write it.
This is my last name.
My name.
Copy and paste.
And we're going to this is going to be e-mail.
So the I.D. is going to be mail and placeholder is going to be e-mail address here.
This is going to be e-mail address.
And then this type also going to me.
And then we'll will have a textarea.
So after that we're going to have a new one.
So this is going to be text area and name is going to be textarea or you know what.
Let's cover the name of comments.
And he's also going to be comments comments comments here.
Then place holder is going to be your message.
So going right over here placeholder your work message or here then after that we would want a button
and this is going to be submit.
So when you say button and type is going to be submit type here submit and then we're going to send
a message send message.
All right.
Once we have our HDMI and ready we can go head to main CSSA and.
So I'm going to go back over here and go obviously all the way to the bottom.
You can create more space over here.
So it's created more space so we can have something to work with.
And over here I'm going to say that this is going to be common.
All right.
So we're here.
Hash tag contact hash tag more over here.
And then one by one I was going to style this right.
So I'm going to start with a contact here like this.
Right.
And let's just check with.
We have the actual class where we have an ID and on here everything is fine.
This is a class.
So once we saw like contact parding is going to be hundred pixels or zero.
So top bottom and left right zero background.
And over here we're going to do the same thing.
As for the projects.
All right so we're going to have a background but we're going to use one of the project images so I'm
going to say we're here project one or here like this right now.
Once we have this we're here we're going to write it.
This is going to be center here Culver then we're going to have fixed and no repeat no repeat here like
this.
Once we have the macro now we would want a linear region and all just going to place another black color
right so we can right away just go ahead and copy this guy here right.
All the way to the comma.
I just copy and paste this.
I was going to go back over here and I can see we have dark background in or here and we're going to
say it is color Ashlock 5 3 5.
Well that's right.
So this is going to be for the color.
Now what we would want is so like the contact info here come the contact form or both articles contact
form or what we would want to hear.
I want to say margin 40 pixels and zero writes only top bottom for both of them then by adding 20 pixels
and 40 pixels.
We're like this.
Right.
So top bottom 20 40 on the site then we're going to say for the contact detail contact going to see
detail.
So this is going to be the div that holds the icon and or here this text.
All right.
First all we're going to say this play I'm going to say flex flex here.
We'll have margin 20 pixels and let's say zero 0 0 like this.
Right.
So now I can see that this is how we're going to be lining up right now after that we would want to
do is what we're going to say that this is going to be a different one right because you see here there's
a little bit of a mistake.
All right if we're going to go back over here in exchange the amount here this is the contact info.
All right then this is the contact details.
Right now what I would want to do is actually create or hear a div right.
That actually holds it like.
So this is there shouldn't be a contact text somewhere right.
If this is a contact info I want contact and we're going to set text or here right.
Press and now would you would want is copy this guy or here.
All right.
So I'm going to grab this or here we're going to say cut and we're going to copy and paste it over here.
Right now I can see that actually there side by side and everything is work right.
Because we don't want that many children here.
We want only to one contact info for the contact detail and the other one contact text.
So we need to do the same thing or here right.
So contact info lines over here.
So then you say contact I'm going to say text press tab now again grab all these here.
Copy.
Or you know what let's actually cut it out right and let's paste it over here.
All right.
And now both of them are side by side.
So we say this and we're going to go back to main success and let's keep on styling.
So here what you would want for the info.
So if say contract I'm going to say I can more you than font size is going to be 50 font size 50 pixels
like this.
Then you will have a margin right when 20 pixels are here then you have a line cell phone with say Center.
The reason why we're centering so you can see it's not stretched out right now right now the icons are
exactly in the center.
Now once we're done with this one contact text adding three more here and we're going to say text transform.
We're going to capitalize on it this margin bottom 20 pixels or here like this.
Once we once we're done with this now I would want to work with contact form or here we're going to
say contact.
I want to say for like this and this is going to be a background.
And we're going to say hashtag 5 3 5 wheeling this putting zero like this.
We're here to say with is going to be 80 percent on this then margin is zero.
So we're going to place it again in the center without any pantings and then we're going to have a margin
I'm sorry border radios more radios is going to be 20 pixels.
It Right so these are going to be these edges.
And next one we would want to work with contact form heading through here or here.
Right.
So we're going to go back over here.
We're going to say contact one adding three more here now here we're going to say with 100 percent more
than background and we're going to say the background is going to be the blue color.
So this is going to be 8 1/2 sea beef CD DVD.
All this takes the line center then text transform capitalized text transform capitalize on your ass
then putting 20 pixels then border top radius 20 pixels and left and right because you can see or hear
now or edges have disappeared.
You can see or hear right.
So going to see or hear border border top left radius and right right is 20 pixels.
And let's copy this guy and let's just change it to right here.
Right right.
Right.
And now both of them you can see match.
Now once we done with this let's actually work with the form.
So for the form we're going to say display flex and then we're going to say flex direction column for
the election column we're here right now I can see that they're lining up one on top of each other padding
is going to be 20 pixels or here like this all around.
Then we're going to work with form input and form text area.
So I'm going to say form input karma for one text area or here or here we're going to say margin 5 pixels
0 and we're here.
And let's add a few more properties and values by adding 5 pixels 0 or here.
And just to make sure we get it right important.
Right.
Just to make sure that it actually works.
And here we're going to say we're we're going to say none.
So we're going to basically get it at the borders.
Then once we have a border run we're going to see font size 20 pixels on this board or bottom.
So now that we have our border is gone or here we're going to say three pixels solid.
And let's use the blue color.
So let's go up and let's actually see what is the mood Color know this copy and paste them back over
here copy and paste.
Now the borders are here right.
So you can see we here now we have the borders then we're going to get rid of the background and so
transparent like this.
And now we're going to work with a placeholder right.
So we're going to say like this or we're all going to say that this is going to be a form input here
and placeholder.
So basically the text that is inside our hair.
Right.
So what's going to be right.
So first of all can they say text transfer.
And we're going to take up twice more here than color.
We're going to use a hash tag 8 8 8 8 8 8.
So this is going to be the color then same thing we're going to do here with a text area right.
So this is going to be the same thing was going to change around.
Copy and paste and all right textarea text area right.
And then after that we would want a form button on here.
Font size is going to be twenty five pixels margin is going to be 10 pixels and 0 and we're here so
10 top bottom zero on the sides background and on here I'm going to I'm going to copy and paste a light
blue color border radius border radius and that's going to be 20 pixels on here.
Now let's add a few more properties and values padding is going to be five pixels and 0.
Here's the top bottom five on the right and left zero color hash tag f 5 3 5 here and then we'll going
to do a transition here for transition we're going to say transition color 2 seconds he's right on background
two seconds is my ground.
Two seconds is when you're like this.
Once we have this we're going to save one button no real hover.
And as we were hovering what should happen.
First of all going to change background.
Hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9 and then color right and the color is going to be light blue again.
So basically like this right as I'm hovering You can see that the text is changing and the background
is changing.
And now let's make it responsive.
So what I'm going to say I'm going to say that this is going to be media screen here media screen and
we're men with red with we're here and this is going to be seven seven six pixels or here like this.
So the moment it gets to 776 pixels we're going to say Contact Center.
And what should happen.
And we're going to say first the display flex then we're going to say padding like this.
Right.
So first let's look at how it would look like.
So called masters and we're going to go here right.
So this is the look that we have right now.
Then we're going to have a batting zero 40 pixels more like this.
So that's going to be here on the sides.
Then when I say contact info contact fall here we would want to flex 0 0 calc and so our guide function
again 60 percent over here minus one I'm here.
And let's copy and paste this and change the form.
So copy and paste this.
This is going to be form and out here this is going to be 40 percent 40 percent say read refresh.
And now we can see what we have right.
So the form is going to be to 60 percent Zari 40 percent and contact info is going to be 60 percent.
And this is going to be it for this project.